---
page_title: "spectrocloud_pack Data Source - terraform-provider-spectrocloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data resource provides the ability to search for a pack in the Palette registries. It supports more advanced search criteria than the pack_simple data source.
---

# spectrocloud_pack (Data Source)

  This data resource provides the ability to search for a pack in the Palette registries. It supports more advanced search criteria than the pack_simple data source.



~> The existing `filters` attribute will be deprecated, and a new `pack_filters` attribute will be introduced for advanced search functionality.

## Example Usage


An example of how to use this data source to retrieve a specific pack from the community registry.

```hcl
data "spectrocloud_registry" "community_registry" {
  name = "Palette Community Registry"
}


data "spectrocloud_pack" "hellouniverse" {
  name         = "hello-universe"
  version      = "1.1.2"
  registry_uid = data.spectrocloud_registry.community_registry.id
}
```


In this example, a filter is applied to retrieve a Calico CNI pack from the Palette OCI registry that is compatible with Edge clusters and has a version greater than 3.26.9.

-> The filter attribute is a string that can contain multiple filters separated by the `AND`, `OR` operator. You can filter for a pack by using the attributes retured in the `spec` object of the payload provided by the `v1/packs/search` endpoint.
Refer to the Palette Pack Search API endpoint [documentation](https://docs.spectrocloud.com/api/v1/v-1-packs-search/) for more information on the available filters.



```hcl
data "spectrocloud_registry" "palette_registry_oci" {
  name = "Palette Registry"
}


data "spectrocloud_pack" "cni" {
  filters = "spec.cloudTypes=edge-nativeANDspec.layer=cniANDspec.displayName=CalicoANDspec.version>3.26.9ANDspec.registryUid=${data.spectrocloud_registry.palette_registry_oci.id}"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `advance_filters` (Block List, Max: 1) A set of advanced filters to refine the selection of packs. These filters allow users to specify criteria such as pack type, add-on type, pack layer, and environment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--advance_filters))
- `cloud` (Set of String) Filter results by cloud type. If not provided, all cloud types are returned.
- `filters` (String) Filters to apply when searching for a pack. This is a string of the form 'key1=value1' with 'AND', 'OR` operators. Refer to the Palette API [pack search API endpoint documentation](https://docs.spectrocloud.com/api/v1/v-1-packs-search/) for filter examples. The filter attribute will be deprecated soon; use `advance_filter` instead.
- `id` (String) The UID of the pack returned.
- `name` (String) The name of the pack to search for.
- `registry_uid` (String) The unique identifier (UID) of the registry where the pack is located. Specify `registry_uid` to search within a specific registry.
- `type` (String) The type of pack to search for. Supported values are `helm`, `manifest`, `container`, `operator-instance`.
- `version` (String) Specify the version of the pack to search for. If not set, the latest available version from the specified registry will be used.

### Read-Only

- `values` (String) The YAML values of the pack returned as string.

<a id="nestedblock--advance_filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `advance_filters`

Optional:

- `addon_type` (Set of String) Defines the type of add-on pack. Allowed values are `load balancer`, `ingress`, `logging`, `monitoring`, `security`, `authentication`, `servicemesh`, `system app`, `app services`, `registry`, `csi`, `cni`, and `integration`. If not specified, all options will be set by default.
- `environment` (Set of String) Defines the environment where the pack will be deployed. Options include `all`, `aws`, `eks`, `azure`, `aks`, `gcp`, `gke`, `vsphere`, `maas`, `openstack` and `edge-native`. If not specified, all options will be set by default.
- `is_fips` (Boolean) Indicates whether the pack is FIPS-compliant. If `true`, only FIPS-compliant components will be used.
- `pack_layer` (Set of String) Indicates the pack layer, such as `kernel`, `os`, `k8s`, `cni`, `csi`, or `addon`. If not specified, all options will be set by default.
- `pack_source` (Set of String) Specify the source of the pack. Allowed values are `spectrocloud` and `community`. If not specified, all options will be set by default.
- `pack_type` (Set of String) Specify the type of pack. Allowed values are `helm`, `spectro`, `oci`, and `manifest`. If not specified, all options will be set by default.
