---
page_title: "spectrocloud_addon_deployment Resource - terraform-provider-spectrocloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# spectrocloud_addon_deployment (Resource)

  

## Example Usage



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_uid` (String) The UID of the cluster to attach the addon profile(s) to.

### Optional

- `apply_setting` (String) The setting to apply the cluster profile. `DownloadAndInstall` will download and install packs in one action. `DownloadAndInstallLater` will only download artifact and postpone install for later. Default value is `DownloadAndInstall`.
- `cluster_profile` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cluster_profile))
- `context` (String) Specifies cluster context where addon profile is attached. Allowed values are `project` or `tenant`. Defaults to `project`. If  the `project` context is specified, the project name will sourced from the provider configuration parameter [`project_name`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/spectrocloud/spectrocloud/latest/docs#schema).
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--cluster_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cluster_profile`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the cluster profile.

Optional:

- `pack` (Block List) For packs of type `spectro`, `helm`, and `manifest`, at least one pack must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cluster_profile--pack))
- `variables` (Map of String) A map of cluster profile variables, specified as key-value pairs. For example: `priority = "5"`.

<a id="nestedblock--cluster_profile--pack"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cluster_profile.pack`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the pack. The name must be unique within the cluster profile.

Optional:

- `manifest` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cluster_profile--pack--manifest))
- `registry_name` (String) The registry name of the pack. The registry name is the human-readable name of the registry. This attribute can be used instead of `registry_uid` for better readability. If `uid` is not provided, this field can be used along with `name` and `tag` to resolve the pack UID internally. Either `registry_uid` or `registry_name` can be specified, but not both.
- `registry_uid` (String) The registry UID of the pack. The registry UID is the unique identifier of the registry. This attribute is required if there is more than one registry that contains a pack with the same name. If `uid` is not provided, this field is required along with `name` and `tag` to resolve the pack UID internally. Either `registry_uid` or `registry_name` can be specified, but not both.
- `tag` (String) The tag of the pack. The tag is the version of the pack. This attribute is required if the pack type is `spectro` or `helm`. If `uid` is not provided, this field is required along with `name` and `registry_uid` (or `registry_name`) to resolve the pack UID internally.
- `type` (String) The type of the pack. Allowed values are `spectro`, `manifest`, `helm`, or `oci`. The default value is spectro. If using an OCI registry for pack, set the type to `oci`.
- `uid` (String) The unique identifier of the pack. The value can be looked up using the [`spectrocloud_pack`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/spectrocloud/spectrocloud/latest/docs/data-sources/pack) data source. This value is required if the pack type is `spectro` and for `helm` if the chart is from a public helm registry. If not provided, all of `name`, `tag`, and `registry_uid` must be specified to resolve the pack UID internally.
- `values` (String) The values of the pack. The values are the configuration values of the pack. The values are specified in YAML format.

<a id="nestedblock--cluster_profile--pack--manifest"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cluster_profile.pack.manifest`

Required:

- `content` (String) The content of the manifest. The content is the YAML content of the manifest.
- `name` (String) The name of the manifest. The name must be unique within the pack.

Read-Only:

- `uid` (String)




<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `update` (String)