---
page_title: "spectrocloud_alert Resource - terraform-provider-spectrocloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# spectrocloud_alert (Resource)

  

## Example Usage

You can set up a maximum of two alerts for cluster health per project. A webhook can be configured in the HTTP component,
and for email. You can add a target email recipient or enable alerts for all users in the corresponding project.

```terraform
resource "spectrocloud_alert" "alert_email" {
  project         = "Default"
  is_active       = true
  component       = "ClusterHealth"
  type            = "email"
  identifiers     = ["abc@spectrocloud.com", "cba@spectrocloud.com"]
  alert_all_users = true
}

resource "spectrocloud_alert" "alert_http" {
  project   = "Default"
  is_active = true
  component = "ClusterHealth"
  http {
    method = "POST"
    url    = "https://openhook.com/put/notify"
    body   = "{ \"text\": \"message\" }"
    headers = {
      tag    = "Health"
      source = "spectrocloud"
    }
  }
  type            = "http"
  alert_all_users = true
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `component` (String) The component of the system that the alert is associated with. Currently, `ClusterHealth` is the only supported value.
- `is_active` (Boolean) Indicates whether the alert is active. Set to `true` to activate the alert, or `false` to deactivate it.
- `project` (String) The project to which the alert belongs to.
- `type` (String) The type of alert mechanism to use. Can be either `email` for email alerts or `http` for sending HTTP requests.

### Optional

- `alert_all_users` (Boolean) If set to `true`, the alert will be sent to all users. If `false`, it will target specific users or identifiers.
- `created_by` (String) The user who created the alert.
- `http` (Block List) The configuration block for HTTP-based alerts. This is used when the `type` is set to `http`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--http))
- `identifiers` (Set of String) A set of unique identifiers to which the alert will be sent. This is used to target specific users or groups.
- `status` (Block List) A status block representing the internal status of the alert. This is primarily for internal use and not utilized directly. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--http"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http`

Required:

- `body` (String) The payload to include in the HTTP request body when the alert is triggered.
- `method` (String) The HTTP method to use for the alert. Supported values are `POST`, `GET`, and `PUT`.
- `url` (String) The target URL to send the HTTP request to when the alert is triggered.

Optional:

- `headers` (Map of String) Optional HTTP headers to include in the request. Each header should be specified as a key-value pair.


<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `is_succeeded` (Boolean)
- `message` (String)
- `time` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `update` (String)