---
page_title: "spectrocloud_cloudaccount_azure Resource - terraform-provider-spectrocloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# spectrocloud_cloudaccount_azure (Resource)

  

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "spectrocloud_cloudaccount_azure" "azure-1" {
  name                = "azure-1"
  azure_tenant_id     = var.azure_tenant_id
  azure_client_id     = var.azure_client_id
  azure_client_secret = var.azure_client_secret
}
```

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import)
to import the resource spectrocloud_cloudaccount_azure by using its `id` with the Palette `context` separated by a colon. For example:

```terraform
import {
  to = spectrocloud_cloudaccount_azure.example
  id = "example_id:context"
}
```

Using `terraform import`, import the cloud account using the `cloud_account_name` or  `id` colon separated with `context`. For example:

```console
terraform import spectrocloud_cloudaccount_azure.{cloud_account_uid}/{cloud_account_name}:project
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `azure_client_id` (String) Unique client Id from Azure console.
- `azure_client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Azure secret for authentication.
- `azure_tenant_id` (String) Unique tenant Id from Azure console.
- `name` (String) The name of the Azure cloud account.

### Optional

- `cloud` (String) The Azure partition in which the cloud account is located. 
Can be 'AzurePublicCloud' for standard Azure regions or 'AzureUSGovernmentCloud' for Azure GovCloud (US) regions or 'AzureUSSecretCloud' for Azure Secret Cloud regions.
Default is 'AzurePublicCloud'.
- `context` (String) The context of the Azure configuration. Defaults to `project`. If  the `project` context is specified, the project name will sourced from the provider configuration parameter [`project_name`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/spectrocloud/spectrocloud/latest/docs#schema).
- `disable_properties_request` (Boolean) Disable properties request. This is a boolean value that indicates whether to disable properties request or not. If not specified, the default value is `false`.
- `private_cloud_gateway_id` (String) ID of the private cloud gateway. This is the ID of the private cloud gateway that is used to connect to the private cluster endpoint.
- `tenant_name` (String) The name of the tenant. This is the name of the tenant that is used to connect to the Azure cloud.
- `tls_cert` (String) TLS certificate for authentication. This field is only allowed when cloud is set to 'AzureUSSecretCloud'.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.