---
page_title: "spectrocloud_cloudaccount_openstack Resource - terraform-provider-spectrocloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# spectrocloud_cloudaccount_openstack (Resource)

  

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "spectrocloud_cloudaccount_openstack" "account" {
  name                     = "openstack-dev"
  private_cloud_gateway_id = ""
  openstack_username       = var.openstack_username
  openstack_password       = var.openstack_password
  identity_endpoint        = var.identity_endpoint
  parent_region            = var.region
  default_domain           = var.domain
  default_project          = var.project
}
```

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import)
to import the resource spectrocloud_cloudaccount_openstack by using its `id` with the Palette `context` separated by a colon. For example:

```terraform
import {
  to = spectrocloud_cloudaccount_openstack.example
  id = "example_id:context"
}
```

Using `terraform import`, import the cloud account using the `cloud_account_name` or  `id` colon separated with `context`. For example:

```console
terraform import spectrocloud_cloudaccount_openstack.{cloud_account_uid}/{cloud_account_name}:project
```



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `default_domain` (String) The default domain of the OpenStack cloud that is used to connect to the OpenStack cloud.
- `default_project` (String) The default project of the OpenStack cloud that is used to connect to the OpenStack cloud.
- `identity_endpoint` (String) The identity endpoint of the OpenStack cloud that is used to connect to the OpenStack cloud.
- `name` (String) Name of the OpenStack cloud account.
- `openstack_password` (String, Sensitive) The password of the OpenStack cloud that is used to connect to the OpenStack cloud.
- `openstack_username` (String) The username of the OpenStack cloud that is used to connect to the OpenStack cloud.
- `parent_region` (String) The parent region of the OpenStack cloud that is used to connect to the OpenStack cloud.
- `private_cloud_gateway_id` (String) ID of the private cloud gateway that is used to connect to the OpenStack cloud.

### Optional

- `ca_certificate` (String) The CA certificate of the OpenStack cloud that is used to connect to the OpenStack cloud.
- `context` (String) The context of the OpenStack configuration. Allowed values are `project` or `tenant`. Default value is `project`. If  the `project` context is specified, the project name will sourced from the provider configuration parameter [`project_name`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/spectrocloud/spectrocloud/latest/docs#schema).
- `openstack_allow_insecure` (Boolean) Whether to allow insecure connections to the OpenStack cloud. Default is `false`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.