---
page_title: "spectrocloud_cloudaccount_aws Resource - terraform-provider-spectrocloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# spectrocloud_cloudaccount_aws (Resource)

  

## Example Usage

### Secret Credentials

```terraform
resource "spectrocloud_cloudaccount_aws" "aws_secret" {
  name                   = "aws-account-secret"
  type                   = "secret"
  aws_secured_access_key = var.aws_access_key # or aws_access_key=<access_key>
  aws_secret_key         = var.aws_secret_key
  partition              = "aws"
  policy_arns            = ["arn:aws:iam::123456789012:policy/CustomPolicy"]
}
```

### STS Credentials

```terraform
resource "spectrocloud_cloudaccount_aws" "aws_sts" {
  name        = "aws-account-sts"
  type        = "sts"
  arn         = "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/SpectroCloudRole"
  external_id = "externalId123"
  partition   = "aws"
}
```

### EKS Pod Identity

```terraform
resource "spectrocloud_cloudaccount_aws" "aws_pod_identity" {
  name                      = "aws-account-pod-identity"
  type                      = "pod-identity"
  role_arn                  = "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/EKSPodIdentityRole"
  permission_boundary_arn   = "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:policy/PermissionBoundary"
  partition                 = "aws"
}
```

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import)
to import the resource spectrocloud_cloudaccount_aws by using its `id` with the Palette `context` separated by a colon. For example:

```terraform
import {
  to = spectrocloud_cloudaccount_aws.example
  id = "example_id:context"
}
```

Using `terraform import`, import the cloud account using the `cloud_account_name` or  `id` colon separated with `context`. For example:

```console
terraform import spectrocloud_cloudaccount_aws.cloud_account_id:project
```

```console
terraform import spectrocloud_cloudaccount_aws.cloud_account_name:project
```



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String)

### Optional

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) associated with the AWS resource. This is used for identifying resources in AWS. Used for STS credential type.
- `aws_access_key` (String) The AWS access key used to authenticate. **Deprecated:** Use `aws_secured_access_key` instead for enhanced security. **Note:** This field is mutually exclusive with `aws_secured_access_key`.
- `aws_secret_key` (String, Sensitive) The AWS secret key used in conjunction with the access key for authentication.
- `aws_secured_access_key` (String, Sensitive) The AWS access key used to authenticate. This is a secure alternative to `aws_access_key` with sensitive attribute enabled. **Note:** This field is mutually exclusive with `aws_access_key`.
- `context` (String) The context of the AWS configuration. Allowed values are `project` or `tenant`. Default value is `project`. If  the `project` context is specified, the project name will sourced from the provider configuration parameter [`project_name`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/spectrocloud/spectrocloud/latest/docs#schema).
- `external_id` (String, Sensitive) An optional external ID that can be used for cross-account access in AWS. Used for STS credential type.
- `partition` (String) The AWS partition in which the cloud account is located. 
Can be 'aws' for standard AWS regions or 'aws-us-gov' for AWS GovCloud (US) regions.
Default is 'aws'.
- `permission_boundary_arn` (String) Optional Permission Boundary ARN to limit the maximum permissions for roles created by Hubble. Used with `pod-identity` credential type.
- `policy_arns` (Set of String) A set of ARNs for the IAM policies that should be associated with the cloud account.
- `private_cloud_gateway_id` (String) ID of the private cloud gateway. This is the ID of the private cloud gateway that is used to connect to the private cluster endpoint.
- `role_arn` (String) The IAM Role ARN for AWS EKS Pod Identity authentication. Required when type is `pod-identity`.
- `type` (String) The type of AWS credentials to use. Can be `secret`, `sts`, or `pod-identity`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.