---
page_title: "spectrocloud_cluster_group Resource - terraform-provider-spectrocloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# spectrocloud_cluster_group (Resource)

  

## Example Usage


### Cluster Group 
An example of how to provision a Palette Cluster Group.

```hcl
resource "spectrocloud_cluster_group" "cg" {
  name = "cluster-group-demo"

  clusters {
    cluster_uid = data.spectrocloud_cluster.host_cluster0.id
    host        = "*.test.com"
  }

  clusters {
    cluster_uid = data.spectrocloud_cluster.host_cluster1.id
    host        = "*"
  }

  config {
    host_endpoint_type       = "LoadBalancer"
    cpu_millicore            = 6000
    memory_in_mb             = 8192
    storage_in_gb            = 10
    oversubscription_percent = 120
  }
}
   
```

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import)
to import the resource spectrocloud_cluster_group by using its `id` with the Palette `context` separated by a colon. For example:

```terraform
import {
  to = spectrocloud_cluster_group.example
  id = "example_id:context"
}
```

Using `terraform import`, import the cluster group using the `id` colon separated with `context`. For example:

```console
terraform import spectrocloud_cluster_group.example example_id:project
```

Refer to the [Import section](/docs#import) to learn more.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config))
- `name` (String) Name of the cluster group

### Optional

- `cluster_profile` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cluster_profile))
- `clusters` (Block List) A list of clusters to include in the cluster group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--clusters))
- `context` (String) The context of the Cluster group. Allowed values are `project` or `tenant`. Defaults to `tenant`. If  the `project` context is specified, the project name will sourced from the provider configuration parameter [`project_name`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/spectrocloud/spectrocloud/latest/docs#schema).
- `description` (String) The description of the cluster. Default value is empty string.
- `tags` (Set of String) A list of tags to be applied to the cluster group. Tags must be in the form of `key:value`.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Optional:

- `cpu_millicore` (Number) The CPU limit in millicores.
- `host_endpoint_type` (String) The host endpoint type. Allowed values are 'Ingress' or 'LoadBalancer'. Defaults to 'Ingress'.
- `k8s_distribution` (String) The Kubernetes distribution, allowed values are `k3s` and `cncf_k8s`.
- `memory_in_mb` (Number) The memory limit in megabytes (MB).
- `oversubscription_percent` (Number) The allowed oversubscription percentage.
- `storage_in_gb` (Number) The storage limit in gigabytes (GB).
- `values` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--cluster_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cluster_profile`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the cluster profile.

Optional:

- `pack` (Block List) For packs of type `spectro`, `helm`, and `manifest`, at least one pack must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cluster_profile--pack))
- `variables` (Map of String) A map of cluster profile variables, specified as key-value pairs. For example: `priority = "5"`.

<a id="nestedblock--cluster_profile--pack"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cluster_profile.pack`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the pack. The name must be unique within the cluster profile.

Optional:

- `manifest` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cluster_profile--pack--manifest))
- `registry_uid` (String) The registry UID of the pack. The registry UID is the unique identifier of the registry. This attribute is required if there is more than one registry that contains a pack with the same name. If `uid` is not provided, this field is required along with `name` and `tag` to resolve the pack UID internally.
- `tag` (String) The tag of the pack. The tag is the version of the pack. This attribute is required if the pack type is `spectro` or `helm`. If `uid` is not provided, this field is required along with `name` and `registry_uid` to resolve the pack UID internally.
- `type` (String) The type of the pack. Allowed values are `spectro`, `manifest`, `helm`, or `oci`. The default value is spectro. If using an OCI registry for pack, set the type to `oci`.
- `uid` (String) The unique identifier of the pack. The value can be looked up using the [`spectrocloud_pack`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/spectrocloud/spectrocloud/latest/docs/data-sources/pack) data source. This value is required if the pack type is `spectro` and for `helm` if the chart is from a public helm registry. If not provided, all of `name`, `tag`, and `registry_uid` must be specified to resolve the pack UID internally.
- `values` (String) The values of the pack. The values are the configuration values of the pack. The values are specified in YAML format.

<a id="nestedblock--cluster_profile--pack--manifest"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cluster_profile.pack.manifest`

Required:

- `content` (String) The content of the manifest. The content is the YAML content of the manifest.
- `name` (String) The name of the manifest. The name must be unique within the pack.

Read-Only:

- `uid` (String)




<a id="nestedblock--clusters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `clusters`

Required:

- `cluster_uid` (String) The UID of the host cluster.

Optional:

- `host_dns` (String) The host DNS wildcard for the cluster. i.e. `*.dev` or `*test.com`


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `update` (String)