---
page_title: "spectrocloud_developer_setting Resource - terraform-provider-spectrocloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# spectrocloud_developer_setting (Resource)

  

Each developer in this tenant may create up to 1 virtual clusters and will be allocated compute and storage quota across all their virtual clusters based on the configuration in developer setting [Developer Setting](https://docs.spectrocloud.com/devx/manage-dev-engine/resource-quota/#tenant-developer-user-quotas) guide.

~> The developer_setting resource enforces a usage quota for developer. By default, a developer quota is configured in Palette with default values. Users can update the developer settings as per their requirements. Every new virtual cluster will consume about 3 CPU and 3 GiB memory even without any user workloads, we recommend that you allocate quota accordingly. When a spectrocloud_developer_setting resource is destroyed, the developer setting will revert to the Palette default settings.

## Example Usage

An example of managing an developer setting in Palette.

```hcl
resource "spectrocloud_developer_setting" "dev_setting" {
  virtual_clusters_limit = 10
  cpu = 20
  memory = 100
  storage = 100
  hide_system_cluster_group = false
}

## import existing developer settings
#import {
#  to = spectrocloud_developer_setting.dev_setting
#  id = "{tenantUID}" // tenant-uid
#}

```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `cpu` (Number) Defines the number of CPU cores allocated to the cluster.
- `hide_system_cluster_group` (Boolean) If set to `true`, hides the system cluster.
- `memory` (Number) Specifies the amount of memory (in GiB) allocated to the cluster.
- `storage` (Number) Defines the storage capacity (in GiB) allocated to the cluster.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `virtual_clusters_limit` (Number) Specifies the number of virtual clusters to be created.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `update` (String)