---
page_title: "spectrocloud_password_policy Resource - terraform-provider-spectrocloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# spectrocloud_password_policy (Resource)

  

You can learn more about managing password policy in Palette by reviewing the [Password Policy](https://docs.spectrocloud.com/enterprise-version/system-management/account-management/credentials/#password-requirements-and-security) guide.

~> The password_policy resource enforces a password compliance policy. By default, a password policy is configured in Palette with default values. Users can update the password compliance settings as per their requirements. When a spectrocloud_password_policy resource is destroyed, the password policy will revert to the Palette default settings.

## Example Usage

An example of managing an password policy in Palette.

```hcl
resource "spectrocloud_password_policy" "policy_regex" {
  # password_regex    = "*"
  password_expiry_days = 123
  first_reminder_days = 5
  min_digits = 1
  min_lowercase_letters = 12
  min_password_length = 12
  min_special_characters = 1
  min_uppercase_letters = 1
}

## import existing password policy
#import {
#  to = spectrocloud_password_policy.password_policy
#  id = "{tenantUID}" // tenant-uid.
#}

```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `first_reminder_days` (Number) The number of days before the password expiry to send the first reminder to the user. Default is `5` days before expiry.
- `min_digits` (Number) The minimum number of numeric digits (0-9) required in the password. Ensures that passwords contain numerical characters. Minimum length of digit should be `1`.
- `min_lowercase_letters` (Number) The minimum number of lowercase letters (a-z) required in the password. Ensures that lowercase characters are included for password complexity. Minimum length of lower case should be `1`.
- `min_password_length` (Number) The minimum length required for the password. Enforces a stronger password policy by ensuring a minimum number of characters.  Default minimum length is `6`.
- `min_special_characters` (Number) The minimum number of special characters (e.g., !, @, #, $, %) required in the password. This increases the password's security level by including symbols. Minimum special characters should be `1`.
- `min_uppercase_letters` (Number) The minimum number of uppercase letters (A-Z) required in the password. Helps ensure password complexity with a mix of case-sensitive characters. Minimum length of upper case should be `1`.
- `password_expiry_days` (Number) The number of days before the password expires. Must be between 1 and 1000 days. Defines how often passwords must be changed.  Default is `999` days for expiry.
- `password_regex` (String) A regular expression (regex) to define custom password patterns, such as enforcing specific characters or sequences in the password.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `update` (String)