---
page_title: "spectrocloud_platform_setting Resource - terraform-provider-spectrocloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# spectrocloud_platform_setting (Resource)

  

Tenant/Project administration can be achieved through platform settings such as session_timeout, agent_upgrade, login_banner, and cluster_remediation.[Platform Setting](https://docs.spectrocloud.com/clusters/cluster-management/platform-settings/) guide.

~> The tenant_platform_setting resource enforces settings across projects. By default, it is configured with Palette’s default values. Users can customize settings as needed. Destroying the spectrocloud_platform_setting resource resets it to Palette defaults.

## Example Usage

An example of managing an developer setting in Palette.

```hcl

resource "spectrocloud_platform_setting" "platform_settings" {
  context                  = "tenant"
  enable_auto_remediation  = true
  session_timeout          = 230
  cluster_auto_remediation = false
  non_fips_addon_pack = true
  non_fips_features = true
  non_fips_cluster_import = true
  pause_agent_upgrades     = "lock"
  login_banner {
    title   = "test"
    message = "test"
  }
}

## import existing platform settings
#import {
#  to = spectrocloud_platform_setting.platform_setting
#  id = "{tenantUID/ProjectUID}:{tenant/project)}" // tenant-uid:tenant or project-uid:project
#}

```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `cluster_auto_remediation` (Boolean) Enables automatic remediation for unhealthy nodes in Palette-provisioned clusters by replacing them with new nodes. Disabling this feature prevents auto-remediation. Not applicable to `EKS`, `AKS`, or `TKE` clusters.
- `context` (String) Defines the scope of the platform setting. Valid values are `project` or `tenant`. By default, it is set to `tenant`. If  the `project` context is specified, the project name will sourced from the provider configuration parameter [`project_name`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/spectrocloud/spectrocloud/latest/docs#schema).
- `enable_auto_remediation` (Boolean) Enables automatic remediation. set only with `project' context
- `login_banner` (Block List, Max: 1) Configure a login banner that users must acknowledge before signing in. Allowed only for `tenant` context (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--login_banner))
- `non_fips_addon_pack` (Boolean) Allows users in this tenant to use non-FIPS-compliant addon packs when creating cluster profiles. The `non_fips_addon_pack` only supported in palette vertex environment. Allowed only for `tenant` context
- `non_fips_cluster_import` (Boolean) Allows users in this tenant to import clusters, but the imported clusters may not be FIPS-compliant.  The `non_fips_cluster_import` only supported in palette vertex environment. Allowed only for `tenant` context
- `non_fips_features` (Boolean) Allows users in this tenant to access non-FIPS-compliant features such as backup, restore, and scans. The `non_fips_features` only supported in palette vertex environment. Allowed only for `tenant` context
- `pause_agent_upgrades` (String) Controls automatic upgrades for Palette components and agents in clusters deployed under a tenant or project. Setting it to `lock` disables automatic upgrades, while `unlock` (default) allows automatic upgrades.
- `session_timeout` (Number) Specifies the duration (in minutes) of inactivity before a user is automatically logged out. The default is 240 minutes allowed in Palette. Allowed only for `tenant` context
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--login_banner"></a>
### Nested Schema for `login_banner`

Required:

- `message` (String) Specify the message displayed in the login banner.
- `title` (String) Specify the title of the login banner.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `update` (String)