---
page_title: "spectrocloud_resource_limit Resource - terraform-provider-spectrocloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# spectrocloud_resource_limit (Resource)

  

You can learn more about managing resource limit in Palette by reviewing the [Default Resource Limit](https://docs.spectrocloud.com/tenant-settings/palette-resource-limits/?utm_source=palette&utm_medium=product2docs) guide.

~> The resource_limit resource enforces a resource limit in Palette. By default, a resource limit is configured in Palette with default values. Users can update the resource limit settings as per their requirements. When a spectrocloud_resource_limit resource is destroyed, the resource limits will revert to the Palette default settings.

## Example Usage

An example of managing an password policy in Palette.

```hcl
resource "spectrocloud_resource_limit" "resource_limit" {
  alert                  = 101
  api_keys               = 201
  appliance              = 6001
  appliance_token        = 201
  application_deployment = 200
  application_profile    = 200
  certificate            = 20
  cloud_account          = 355
  cluster                = 300
  cluster_group          = 50
  cluster_profile        = 2500
  filter                 = 200
  location               = 100
  macro                  = 6000
  private_gateway        = 100
  project                = 200
  registry               = 200
  role                   = 100
  ssh_key                = 300
  team                   = 100
  user                   = 300
  workspace              = 60
}

## import existing resource limit
#import {
#  to = spectrocloud_resource_limit.resource_limit
#  id = "5eea74e919f5e0d43fd3f316" // tenant-uid
#}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `alert` (Number) The maximum number of alerts that can be created. Must be between 1 and 10,000.
- `api_keys` (Number) The maximum number of API keys that can be generated. Must be between 1 and 10,000.
- `appliance` (Number) The maximum number of appliances that can be managed. Must be between 1 and 50,000.
- `appliance_token` (Number) The maximum number of appliance tokens that can be issued. Must be between 1 and 10,000.
- `application_deployment` (Number) The maximum number of application deployments allowed. Must be between 1 and 10,000.
- `application_profile` (Number) The maximum number of application profiles that can be configured. Must be between 1 and 10,000.
- `certificate` (Number) The maximum number of certificates that can be managed. Must be between 1 and 10,000.
- `cloud_account` (Number) The maximum number of cloud accounts that can be added. Must be between 1 and 10,000.
- `cluster` (Number) The maximum number of clusters that can be created. Must be between 1 and 50,000.
- `cluster_group` (Number) The maximum number of cluster groups that can be created. Must be between 1 and 10,000.
- `cluster_profile` (Number) The maximum number of cluster profiles that can be configured. Must be between 1 and 10,000.
- `filter` (Number) The maximum number of filters that can be defined. Must be between 1 and 10,000.
- `location` (Number) The maximum number of locations that can be configured. Must be between 1 and 10,000.
- `macro` (Number) The maximum number of macros that can be created. Must be between 1 and 10,000.
- `private_gateway` (Number) The maximum number of private gateways that can be managed. Must be between 1 and 10,000.
- `project` (Number) The maximum number of projects that can be created. Must be between 1 and 10,000.
- `registry` (Number) The maximum number of registries that can be configured. Must be between 1 and 10,000.
- `role` (Number) The maximum number of roles that can be assigned. Must be between 1 and 10,000.
- `ssh_key` (Number) The maximum number of SSH keys that can be managed. Must be between 1 and 10,000.
- `team` (Number) The maximum number of teams that can be created. Must be between 1 and 10,000.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `user` (Number) The maximum number of users that can be added. Must be between 1 and 10,000.
- `workspace` (Number) The maximum number of workspaces that can be created. Must be between 1 and 10,000.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `update` (String)