---
page_title: "spectrocloud_virtual_cluster Resource - terraform-provider-spectrocloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A resource to manage a Palette Virtual Cluster.
---

# spectrocloud_virtual_cluster (Resource)

  A resource to manage a Palette Virtual Cluster.

## Example Usage


### Virtual Cluster Deployment 
An example of a Palette Virtual Cluster with a host and optional cluster group.

```hcl
resource "spectrocloud_virtual_cluster" "cluster" {
  name = "virtual-cluster-demo"

  host_cluster_uid = var.host_cluster_uid
  # cluster_group_uid = var.cluster_group_uid

  resources {
    max_cpu       = 6
    max_mem_in_mb = 6000
    min_cpu       = 0
    min_mem_in_mb = 0
  }

  # cluster_profile {
  #   id = spectrocloud_cluster_profile.profile.id
  # }

  # optional virtual cluster config
  # cloud_config {
  #   chart_name = var.chart_name
  #   chart_repo = var.chart_repo
  #   chart_version = var.chart_version
  #   chart_values = var.chart_values
  #   k8s_version = var.k8s_version
  # }

}
   
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String)

### Optional

- `apply_setting` (String) The setting to apply the cluster profile. `DownloadAndInstall` will download and install packs in one action. `DownloadAndInstallLater` will only download artifact and postpone install for later. Default value is `DownloadAndInstall`.
- `backup_policy` (Block List, Max: 1) The backup policy for the cluster. If not specified, no backups will be taken. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--backup_policy))
- `cloud_config` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cloud_config))
- `cluster_group_uid` (String)
- `cluster_profile` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cluster_profile))
- `cluster_rbac_binding` (Block List) The RBAC binding for the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cluster_rbac_binding))
- `context` (String) The context of the virtual cluster. Allowed values are `project` or `tenant`. Default is `project`. If  the `project` context is specified, the project name will sourced from the provider configuration parameter [`project_name`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/spectrocloud/spectrocloud/latest/docs#schema).
- `description` (String) The description of the cluster. Default value is empty string.
- `force_delete` (Boolean) If set to `true`, the cluster will be force deleted and user has to manually clean up the provisioned cloud resources.
- `force_delete_delay` (Number) Delay duration in minutes to before invoking cluster force delete. Default and minimum is 20.
- `host_cluster_uid` (String)
- `namespaces` (Block List) The namespaces for the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--namespaces))
- `os_patch_after` (String) The date and time after which to patch the cluster. Prefix the time value with the respective RFC. Ex: `RFC3339: 2006-01-02T15:04:05Z07:00`
- `os_patch_on_boot` (Boolean) Whether to apply OS patch on boot. Default is `false`.
- `os_patch_schedule` (String) Cron schedule for OS patching. This must be in the form of `0 0 * * *`.
- `pause_cluster` (Boolean) To pause and resume cluster state. Set to true to pause running cluster & false to resume it.
- `resources` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--resources))
- `scan_policy` (Block List, Max: 1) The scan policy for the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scan_policy))
- `skip_completion` (Boolean) If `true`, the cluster will be created asynchronously. Default value is `false`.
- `tags` (Set of String) A list of tags to be applied to the cluster. Tags must be in the form of `key:value`.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `admin_kube_config` (String) Admin Kube-config for the cluster. This can be used to connect to the cluster using `kubectl`, With admin privilege.
- `cloud_config_id` (String, Deprecated) ID of the cloud config used for the cluster. This cloud config must be of type `azure`.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kubeconfig` (String) Kubeconfig for the cluster. This can be used to connect to the cluster using `kubectl`.
- `location_config` (List of Object) The location of the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location_config))

<a id="nestedblock--backup_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `backup_policy`

Required:

- `backup_location_id` (String) The ID of the backup location to use for the backup.
- `expiry_in_hour` (Number) The number of hours after which the backup will be deleted. For example, if the expiry is set to 24, the backup will be deleted after 24 hours.
- `prefix` (String) Prefix for the backup name. The backup name will be of the format <prefix>-<cluster-name>-<timestamp>.
- `schedule` (String) The schedule for the backup. The schedule is specified in cron format. For example, to run the backup every day at 1:00 AM, the schedule should be set to `0 1 * * *`.

Optional:

- `cluster_uids` (Set of String) The list of cluster UIDs to include in the backup. If `include_all_clusters` is set to `true`, then all clusters will be included.
- `include_all_clusters` (Boolean) Whether to include all clusters in the backup. If set to false, only the clusters specified in `cluster_uids` will be included.
- `include_cluster_resources` (Boolean) Indicates whether to include cluster resources in the backup. If set to false, only the cluster configuration and disks will be backed up. (Note: Starting with Palette version 4.6, the include_cluster_resources attribute will be deprecated, and a new attribute, include_cluster_resources_mode, will be introduced.)
- `include_cluster_resources_mode` (String) Specifies whether to include the cluster resources in the backup. Supported values are `always`, `never`, and `auto`.
- `include_disks` (Boolean) Whether to include the disks in the backup. If set to false, only the cluster configuration will be backed up.
- `namespaces` (Set of String) The list of Kubernetes namespaces to include in the backup. If not specified, all namespaces will be included.


<a id="nestedblock--cloud_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_config`

Optional:

- `chart_name` (String)
- `chart_repo` (String)
- `chart_values` (String)
- `chart_version` (String)
- `k8s_version` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--cluster_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cluster_profile`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the cluster profile.

Optional:

- `pack` (Block List) For packs of type `spectro`, `helm`, and `manifest`, at least one pack must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cluster_profile--pack))
- `variables` (Map of String) A map of cluster profile variables, specified as key-value pairs. For example: `priority = "5"`.

<a id="nestedblock--cluster_profile--pack"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cluster_profile.pack`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the pack. The name must be unique within the cluster profile.

Optional:

- `manifest` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cluster_profile--pack--manifest))
- `registry_name` (String) The registry name of the pack. The registry name is the human-readable name of the registry. This attribute can be used instead of `registry_uid` for better readability. If `uid` is not provided, this field can be used along with `name` and `tag` to resolve the pack UID internally. Either `registry_uid` or `registry_name` can be specified, but not both.
- `registry_uid` (String) The registry UID of the pack. The registry UID is the unique identifier of the registry. This attribute is required if there is more than one registry that contains a pack with the same name. If `uid` is not provided, this field is required along with `name` and `tag` to resolve the pack UID internally. Either `registry_uid` or `registry_name` can be specified, but not both.
- `tag` (String) The tag of the pack. The tag is the version of the pack. This attribute is required if the pack type is `spectro` or `helm`. If `uid` is not provided, this field is required along with `name` and `registry_uid` (or `registry_name`) to resolve the pack UID internally.
- `type` (String) The type of the pack. Allowed values are `spectro`, `manifest`, `helm`, or `oci`. The default value is spectro. If using an OCI registry for pack, set the type to `oci`.
- `uid` (String) The unique identifier of the pack. The value can be looked up using the [`spectrocloud_pack`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/spectrocloud/spectrocloud/latest/docs/data-sources/pack) data source. This value is required if the pack type is `spectro` and for `helm` if the chart is from a public helm registry. If not provided, all of `name`, `tag`, and `registry_uid` must be specified to resolve the pack UID internally.
- `values` (String) The values of the pack. The values are the configuration values of the pack. The values are specified in YAML format.

<a id="nestedblock--cluster_profile--pack--manifest"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cluster_profile.pack.manifest`

Required:

- `content` (String) The content of the manifest. The content is the YAML content of the manifest.
- `name` (String) The name of the manifest. The name must be unique within the pack.

Read-Only:

- `uid` (String)




<a id="nestedblock--cluster_rbac_binding"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cluster_rbac_binding`

Required:

- `type` (String) The type of the RBAC binding. Can be one of the following values: `RoleBinding`, or `ClusterRoleBinding`.

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) The Kubernetes namespace of the RBAC binding. Required if 'type' is set to 'RoleBinding'.
- `role` (Map of String) The role of the RBAC binding. Required if 'type' is set to 'RoleBinding'.
- `subjects` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cluster_rbac_binding--subjects))

<a id="nestedblock--cluster_rbac_binding--subjects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cluster_rbac_binding.subjects`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the subject. Required if 'type' is set to 'User' or 'Group'.
- `type` (String) The type of the subject. Can be one of the following values: `User`, `Group`, or `ServiceAccount`.

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) The Kubernetes namespace of the subject. Required if 'type' is set to 'ServiceAccount'.



<a id="nestedblock--namespaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `namespaces`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the namespace. This is the name of the Kubernetes namespace in the cluster.
- `resource_allocation` (Map of String) Resource allocation for the namespace. This is a map containing the resource type and the resource value. For example, `{cpu_cores: '2', memory_MiB: '2048', gpu_limit: '1', gpu_provider: 'nvidia'}`


<a id="nestedblock--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources`

Optional:

- `max_cpu` (Number)
- `max_mem_in_mb` (Number)
- `max_storage_in_gb` (Number)
- `min_cpu` (Number)
- `min_mem_in_mb` (Number)
- `min_storage_in_gb` (Number)


<a id="nestedblock--scan_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scan_policy`

Required:

- `configuration_scan_schedule` (String) The schedule for configuration scan.
- `conformance_scan_schedule` (String) The schedule for conformance scan.
- `penetration_scan_schedule` (String) The schedule for penetration scan.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--location_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location_config`

Read-Only:

- `country_code` (String)
- `country_name` (String)
- `latitude` (Number)
- `longitude` (Number)
- `region_code` (String)
- `region_name` (String)